however one explained mr. blanket and I
just saw star trek into darkness
my god mom what have I done
so is this movie homage fan service or
just blatantly stealing ideas from all
of Star Trek let's take a look shall we
caution spoilers ahead why do I care
cuz fuck you number one similarity so
the Wrath of Khan this is obvious but
was this movie a remake of the Wrath of
Khan I don't know but here in this movie
we had Khan to Starfleet ships squaring
off against each other
Kirk and or Spock sacrificed themselves
to save the ship by going inside of a
radiation chamber Carol Marcus is there
but this time she's some kind of fucking
weapons expert the original Carol Marcus
had a torpedo too but she used it for
science and she never stood around in
her underwear either thank God Khan is
also the last guy alive aboard a dying
starship and then uses it as a weapon of
vengeance
I guess that's why they called it the
USS vengeance you have the famous Conn
scream by Captain Kirk but this time
it's done by spook and the dialog from
the radiation chamber scene is pretty
much verbatim your front a whole
compartment to ty ty he's dead already
what is verbatim mean it means you have
to go back to school number two other
stuff taken from Star Trek this movie is
filled with ripoffs I mean references
while stopping a volcano from killing a
planet's indigenous population is hardly
a new idea picard at least had the sense
to figure out how to do it from orbit
ensign when should the results be known
evacuated the device captain this
Shepard very quickly sir
rather than lowering someone inside of a
volcano
they're only volcano ARCA close to is a
volcano burrito from Taco Bell and after
I eat that my asshole is like the
elevator from the shining oh my god also
the new Carol Marcus resembles Elisabeth
dinner from the original series episode
where no man has gone before
I think this was an attempt to throw us
all off to the comp lot or just a
reference I don't really care speaking
of actors Admiral Marcus is played by
Peter Weller who was Robocop bar he was
also on an episode of Star Trek
Enterprise playing a similar crazy
violent xenophobic villain oh no not the
moon
but Star Trek has a history of crazy
people especially Admirals there is
Admiral Marcus of course there was the
odd mo from Star Trek insurrection who
wanted to get the Fountain of Youth
radiation Admiral Pressman wanted to get
the cloak phase device back from the USS
Pegasus I have a lot of friends at
Starfleet Command
captain y'all right asshole don't get
lost on your way to the Brig
there is Admiral Cartwright from Star
Trek 6 there's also that old Admiral
from next gen who used the age-reversing
drugs and then won nuts
oh my god what is this Prometheus also
couldn't they find more discrete
wheelchairs in the future and give these
crippled guys a break
I guess Admiral Ross was kind of an
asshole too he got that nice Romulan
lady killed and or imprisoned
don't forget Admiral Leyton this guy
also tried to militarize the Starfleet
and take over the Federation water an
asshole
and there's no movie they say Christine
Chappell moved away and became a nurse
but then they mention in this Chapel in
Star Trek 2009 to DCC support stop Jesus
Christ I can't evil remember their own
references the USS vengeance has a
transwarp Drive just like the USS
excelsior how did Star Trek 3 she's
supposed to have transferred tray Scotty
sabotages the Vengeance just like Scotty
sabotage the excelsior in Star Trek 3 I
took them out of the main trends web
computer drive there's also a plot
involving section 31 a clandestine
Starfleet organization first introduced
in deep space 9 doctor would you care to
assist me in performing surgery on a
torpedo bones also performed surgery on
a photon torpedo and Star Trek sick of
real money she'd shut up when they show
Chronos we see praxis the klingon moon
which blew up in Star Trek 6 the flying
from ship to ship thing was pretty cool
huh well it already happened in Star
Trek nemesis data flies through the
debris field and heads on over to
Shinzon ship through space
I resign when getting tired of big evil
ships and Harry Kim was the first to
transport a torpedo over to another ship
and then detonate it from the inside
ah Harry Kim or the memorable memorable
character sparing a Voyager there is
also a scene in Voyager where a bunch of
Kazon leaders were duped into meeting in
a room next to a window so that a ship
could fly up to that window and
assassinate everyone with laser blasts
but those guys figured it out before it
was going to happen because they're
smarter hey assholes this is probably a
trap and into darkness spot clicks on
automatic seatbelts although first
introduced in a deleted scene from Star
Trek nemesis Captain Picard turns on his
automatic seatbelt I'll fuck this hair
everyone post a comment on this web dome
telling me what movie I should review
next turn off fairly up all the results
and the movie with the most votes will
be my next review so start commenting
you box